Some smaller content fixes (#146)
kiali/kiali.io: content/documentation/distributed-tracing/index.adoc

=== I can't see the embedded feature, there is a link to a new tab.

> Check the about modal like the link:#_i_can_t_see_the_link_to_tracing_or_traces_tab_in_service_details[step 3.1] if you have the same protocol link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS[HTTPS, window="_blank"] or link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP[HTTP, window="_blank"].

Reviewer: "Modal" is developer jargon.  Could we call this the "About page" or the "About screen" instead?

image::certificateErr.png[Certificate Error]

> This is because your certificate is not valid, so you need to accept the certificate, open the tracing service in a new tab and accept it, after that you need to refresh the Kiali website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because your certificate is not valid, so you need to accept the certificate.  Open the tracing service in a new tab and accept the certificate.  Then you need to refresh the Kiali website.
```
